Dummy median model
------------------------------------

Model card
..............

Feature set description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What features are used?
#######################

No features are used. The model only predicts the median of the data.


Why are the features informative?
###################################

n/a


Why do the features not leak information?
##############################################

No potential for leakage from features. Since we only use the median
of the training data, also no information about the labels is leaked.


Will the features be accessible in real-world test applications?
###################################################################

The training set labels will be available in real-world test applications.


Data split
~~~~~~~~~~

Describe preprocessing steps and how data leakage is avoided
##############################################################

No preprocessing has been performed.


Describe the feature selection steps and how data leakage is avoided
#####################################################################

No feature selection has been performed.


Describe the model selection steps and how data leakage is avoided
#####################################################################

No model selection has been performed.

Metric card
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. regressionmetrics:: dummy-median-model
   :id: RduNoduxx20220808165317
   :start_time: 2022-08-08 16:53:17.787900+00:00
   :end_time: 2022-08-08 16:53:18.054087+00:00
   :version: v0.0.1
   :features: None
   :name: dummy-median-model
   :task: BenchTaskEnum.logKH_CO2_id
   :model_type: dummy
   :reference: None
   :implementation: mofdscribe
   :mofdscribe_version: 0.0.1-dev
   :mean_squared_error: 1.1
   :mean_absolute_error: 0.82
   :r2_score: -0.0
   :max_error: 3.35
   :mean_absolute_percentage_error: 0.47
   :top_5_in_top_5: 0
   :top_10_in_top_10: 0
   :top_50_in_top_50: 0
   :top_100_in_top_100: 0
   :top_500_in_top_500: 1
